Add metrics for reporting per thread net statistics (#383)
tarantool/metrics: doc/monitoring/metrics_reference.rst

        *   -   ``tnt_net_requests_in_stream_current``
            -   Count of requests currently waiting in queues of streams

> Per thread network metrics available from tarantool version 2.10:

Reviewer: from -> since

> Per thread network metrics available since tarantool version 2.10:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Tarantool 2.10 in each network metric has the label ``thread``, showing per-thread network statistics.
```

> ..  container:: table
> 
>     ..  list-table::
>         :widths: 25 75
>         :header-rows: 0
> 
>         *   -   ``tnt_net_thread_<index>_``
>             -   where <index> is thread number
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
